the scale of the crisis defies
imagination that's the Stark warning
from the International Rescue committee
as Israeli forces intensify their
assault in the south of Gaza 600,000
Palestinians have being forced to flee
the Southernmost city of Rafa in just 10
days now this is an aerial shot of
Northwest Rafa on the 4th of May two
days before that Israeli action began
and this week as you can see most of the
tents and shelters have been removed but
where have they gone well this is one of
the places in carun North from Rafa on
the 4th of May there was not a tent to
be seen but this is Wednesday as you can
see the number of tents has increased
dramatically so let's bring in our
correspondent TK Abu aom who's in deab
Bala in central Gaza for us again and
Tark people do continue to leave Rafa
even as the Israelis attack as we've
already heard in the north because
they're fighting Hamas apparently but
definitely where you
are well the new reality in fact so is
that the people there have been forced
to flee Rafa under Mass Israeli
bombardment they have been carrying out
wide military campaign in the Eastern
portion of the city using lethal Force
destroying residential houses of schools
clinics and everything that could be
suitable for human habitation where
Palestinians have been receiving more
controversial evacuation orders to flee
from the central areas of Rafa now the
Israel military is mobilizing more
brigades in order to fight in rafaad it
seems that it reflects the Israeli
intentions to expand and to broaden the
military operations to reach to the
middle area and despite the Israeli
description of the operation to be
precisely and limited now people are
fleeing from Rafa to the al- maasi area
in the northern part of kanun in the
western part of kanun alongside to derl
bah which is now the most densely
populated area people have ended up
right now living in drastic humanitarian
situation where they are forced to live
in makeshift tents that completely have
no sign of a hygiene facilities and Amed
the growing grubbed increase of the
infectuous diseases spread among
Palestinians who are right now
experiencing more challenges in terms of
getting food water new places of
evacuation where some families have fled
from the houses for the uh sixth or the
seventh time right now since the
beginning of the conflict where as we
have been talking to a number of locals
they have been saying that we are
completely exhausted from being
displaced and we thought that when we
evacuated to Raa it would be our last
trip of evacuation but now it sounds to
be like safety for us is a cleat trap
being used by the Israeli military to
keep destroying what left from the Gaza
Strip and at the same time we have no
hope that this this ongoing battles on
the ground can witness that kind of end
within the coming
days T there for us inala thanks very
much for the update we'll be keeping in
touch with tarck throughout the
day make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer